British English Academy.
C2 listening activity.
Course: C2 Mastery English.
Module 6: C2 Review, Capstone and Mastery Assessment.
Lesson 4: C2 Review, Capstone and Mastery Assessment: Listening Lesson 4.
Listen for subtle tone, implication and rhetorical control.
Listen carefully. You will hear the model once, then answer the question.
Learning objective: Learners can critique, refine, interpret nuance and produce expert-level responses in a listening task about persuasion.
Today you will practise language connected to persuasion.
Target language: subtle modality.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise listening for c2 review, capstone and mastery assessment. You will learn useful language connected to persuasion and practise subtle modality. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C2 level.